Welcome to Actively Anti-Racist Collection Development.
I am Robin Bradford.
Before we get started talking about ways that we can include more diverse materials into the collection,
we need to start with a definition of what being anti-racist means.
So, this definition is taken from the National Museum of African American History and Culture.
"No one is born racist or anti-racist.
These results from the choices we make.
Being anti-racist results from a conscious decision to make frequent, consistent, equitable choices daily.
These choices require ongoing self-awareness, and self-reflection, as we move through life.
In the absence of making anti-racist choices, we unconsciously uphold aspects of white supremacy, white dominant culture,
and unequal institutions and society.
Being racist or anti-racist is not about who you are.
It's about what you do."
So, this is very much a term of action.
Being anti-racist is different than being not racist.
Being not racist is fantastic.
But that's very much about how you feel.
And being anti-racist is about actions.
So, we hear a lot of things saying there's not a racist bone in my body.
And there's really no way for us to gauge if that is true or not.
But being anti-racist is about the actions you take that we can see on the outside.
That is the difference between being not racist, which is also good, and being anti-racist.